We'll run through that scenario again, but this time we'll add in motivational interviewing stages. Okay. So that's your, tablet sorted out. And I've given you, information leakage about, high blood pressure. I must ask you whether it's okay to just spend a couple of minutes talking about something completely different. Would that be okay? Yeah. Okay. Asking permission will help a lot. What's what's what's that then? It's about exercise. Alright. Would you mind if we chatted about that if I promise not to nag you? Well, as long as you keep that promise, yeah, that's fine. The focus is clear, but engagement is not strong yet. Okay. Rather than me talk about it, could you tell me how you feel about getting more excited? Well, I I to be honest, I I I hate the thought of it. Okay. So you're not persuaded about this one. That's a reflective listening statement, not a question. Well, I know that it would help my health. Change it. But the efforts really too much for me at the moment. Okay. You get quite a lot done each day, and so adding exercise doesn't seem like it could fit in. Another reflective listening statement. Yeah. And you've guessed right. I mean, I don't sit around all day, but the thought of going to the gym just doesn't do it for me. Yeah. So going to the gym isn't for you and you're busy enough, but yet you know that it'll be good for your health to get more exercise. I got you. A summary that also includes the change talk. Yeah. You you got me for sure. Engagement is much better as a result of listening and then summarizing. Okay. So can I ask a bit more about how you feel the benefits of, say, a slow steady increase in exercise? Well, if it was slow, and I didn't have to do, dinner for the gym, then that might be okay. Change talk. Make you feel healthier. A listening statement again to reflect the change talk, and it's also a guess as to why it might help. Sort of. And at least I could fit it in. And I might then succeed. And that might make me feel better about it. More change talk. See, you don't wanna go to the gym. That's a big task, but maybe you could fit something smaller to start with. Reflecting again, trying to understand how he really feels. If I decide to do it and I haven't decided yet. Patient backs off. I can see you don't be pushed into this. Doctor doesn't try to win the argument or be clever, but just use a listening statement. Well, exactly. But I'll I'll I'll think about it, and and thanks for not lecturing me, doctor. K. So I've checked your blood pressure today, and I want to see you in about six weeks' time because it's a little bit borderline. And we talked a little bit about how maybe increasing exercise might be helpful for you. And I think it actually might reduce your blood pressure a little bit. So maybe we could talk a bit more about that when we see you in six weeks. Okay. Thank you very much, doctor. Thank you. Thanks for coming back. I saw you about six weeks ago, didn't I? Yes. We've talked about blood pressure. I've just had you taken with the nurse. Yeah. She just told me that it's still a little bit on the high side. So we need to think about how we can bring that down. Right. I'm not really one for tablets, doctor, if I can avoid that. K. That's fine for now. But can you talk a little bit about maybe exercise if I promise not to lecture you? Well, fair game. You didn't lecture me last time. So, yeah, fine. I promise I won't this time, Riley. I believe you again. What about simple steps that you could do? Maybe bringing some exercise as part of your daily routine? Yeah. I'm glad you're not talking about the gym. I know. I'm sure that's gonna be too drastic for you. Reflective listening. Life busy enough. For whatever smaller things, that might be possible. Reflective listening again. A guess at what might work. I'm not really sure what you mean by smaller things. Well, you could, take up some sort of sporting pastime, swimming, badminton, tennis, playing golf. You could incorporate it into your work. You said that you work on the third floor in office. Maybe take the stairs rather than going up the lift. And you also said you took the bus into work, maybe you could get off a few stops earlier and then walk the last bit if it's not raining. Reinforcing autonomy is a critical feature of skillful consulting about behavior change. Okay. Well, I'm not really the sporty type, and and those the same reason to not go to the gym, you know, I haven't really got time to fit this in. But getting off a few stops before work off the bus, that sounds like a good idea. I never thought of that. And, yes, of course, I could use the stairs in work instead of the lift. Yeah. Patient emits change talk. So you can see a way of doing some simple things. Yeah. The best response to change talk is a simple reflection. I I could do that. And I suppose if if if I got on well with that, I could do the same on the bus on the way home and get off the bus early on the way back. More change talk. I think it's a question of experimenting and finding out what's best for you, what works for you. More reflection. Well, I'm happy to try those two things. Change talk. Okay. So if I can just summarize, you don't want tablets, you think you might be able to walk up the stairs at work and get off the bus stop a couple of stops earlier and maybe pick it up a couple of stops later. Yeah. Well, knowing me, I think that that's something that I could actually do. And if I did that, I might feel a bit better about myself, and, of course, it might help me. Change talk. Okay. Would you mind coming back in about six weeks time, and we can chat a bit more? Yeah. I'll be good to put my blood pressure again. Thank you very much, doctor.